LOCAL AND GENERAL.
The Nubia (Sudan) Development. Co. (Ltd.) announce the third call of 5s. per share, making the shares of the company fully paid.

Salt and Soda Co. — Mr. E C. Friend, manager of the salt works at Mex, is leaving the service of the Egyptian Salt and Soda Company very shortly.

Arrest of Young Turk.—Capt. Ahmed Bey Said, the alleged “Young Turk,” arrested in the Splendid Bar at Cairo last week, was set at liberty on Saturday afternoon.

Abbas Helmy Theatre.—Signora Gemma Belincione will leave Venice to-morrow en route for Alexandria, where this celebrated Italian singer has been engaged for the Abbas Helmy Theatre.

Suez Canal. On the 19th inst. 15 vessels passed through the Canal, 10 British, 2 French, 1 Austrian, 2 Swedish. The receipts for the day were frs. 484,450.03, making the total amount received in dues from 1st inst. frs. 7,201,701.98.

Alhambra Theatre. — As their stay is drawing to a close, we should advise all, while there is yet time, to go to the Alhambra and hear the clever duettists Raphael and Colombel, who are taking the place by storm. The fact that they appeared at the Alhambra in London for close on three months is a sufficient indication of their talents.

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.
We do not hold ourselves for the responsible opinions expressed by our correspondents, but we wish, in a spirit of fair play to all, to permit - within certain neccessary limits - free discussion

CAIRO JOURNALISM.

To the Editor of the Egyptian Gazette.
	Dear Sir,—I beg to enclose the copy of a letter, which I have sent to the Managing Editor of the “Egyptian Graphic," and I hope that in the interests of every British subject, as well as those of justice and fair play, you may see your way- to inserting it in the columns of your worthy and esteemed paper, which has always to my knowledge (of 20 years) refrained from what can only be designated as “stabs in the dark. Thanking you in anticipation,
l am,
Yours very truly,
J. W. Conodon.
Cairo, 22nd January, I905.
Copy
Cairo, 22 January, 1905. Monsieur Alfred Grégoire,
Managing Editor "Egyptian Graphic,"
Cairo.
As through the medium of the "Egyptian Graphic" No. 3 of 15th inst., of which periodical you are the managing editor, you have thought it to udder a grossly libellous and defamatory article against me in my proper name
I hereby give you the opportunity of publishing not only in the "Graphic, “but in the un-mentioned, an article which shall, as far as possible, amend the damage you have done me, together with your humble apology for the scurrilous, dastardly and cowardly attack made, without the slightest provocation, upon the reputation of a person you have had no dealings with, either directly or indirectly, and, evidently, do not even know.
I demand also the name of the actual writer of the article in question, and I will then decide upon what further action I shall take in the matter, reserving now to myself my rights to sue you for damages or otherwise.
lam,
J. W, Conodon.
(A British Subject). The “Egyptian Gazette'

ALEXANDRIA MUNICIPALITY.
A meeting of the Municipal Commission will be held at 4 o'clock next Wednesday, afternoon, when the following matters will be discussed
1.	Communications diverses.
2.	Organisation des Services.
3.	Classement du personnel.
4.	Question relative aux membres provisoires de la Délégation.
5.	Proposition do M. Cumbo, tendant à l'élaboration d'un arrête prescrivant le badigeonnage des maisons.
6.	Proposition de Mr. Zouro au sujet des pouls publics et projet de la Délégation & oet égard.
7.	Demande de crédits et virements.
H. Réglement ot application du droit sur les carrières.
9.	Offre de Mr. O. Joseph pour la construction d'une jetée promenade au Port Est.
10.	Nominatiou d'un ingéniour on remplacement de Mr. Marichal.
11.	Expropriations et excédents do Tanzim.
SAVOY HOTEL, LUXOR.
Best and most comfortable, unique for its position on Nile bank. Under German Management. Moderate charges. Patronised by officers of Army of Occupation. Concerts twice daily.
THE BALL AT ABBEEN.
DETAILED REPORT.
It was announced on Wednesday that the list of invitations to the Ball given By his Highness the Khedive on the 20th instant was closed, over 1,400 invitations having already been issued. Judging from the crowded aspect of the rooms at Abdeen Palace on Friday evening, there can have been but few absentees from this, the most important social function of the Cairo Season.
In view of the enormous number of his guests, the Khedive confined himself to receiving only the most important, among whom H.R.H. Prince Gustavus Adolphus of Norway and Sweden was, of course, the principal. An Egyptian guard of honor escorted the Prince from Shepheard's Hotel to the palace, where he arrived about half-past ten. Prince Mohamed Aly Pasha and other members of the Khedivial House, the whole of the Diplomatic Corps, the Ministers, and the officers of the Army of Occupation and Egyptian Army, as well as all the leading members of the English and foreign communities, were also present.
The scene was of truly regal magnificence. The gilded saloons brilliantly illuminated, formed a fitting background to the array of gorgeous uniforms and beautiful gowns and the dazzling display of orders and jewels. In the ball-room the private bond of the Khedive played a spirited selection and dancing was kept up with great vigour, Prince Gustavus Adolphus and the members of his suite proving themselves adepts at this fast vanishing art.
In the early part of the evening the Khedivah received a number of the lady guests in a saloon near the ball-room. The Khedive entertained the principal guests of the evening at sapper in a private room, the large supper room was thrown open at midnight and the long tables which lined it on three sides were immediately besieged. In a short time the vast saloon became so crowded that it was difficult to find standing room. The fare provided was of the most sumptuous kind, and almost justified the scramble that was made to procure it.
Amid such a galaxy of pretty dresses it is difficult to single out any for special remark. The Countess of Cromer wore a stately gown of oyster-white’ satin; Mme. van der Does de Villebois looked well in a mauve dress, and her daughters wore frocks of pale yellow and pale blue Crepe de Chine respectively. Mrs. Pindlay was in a black dress with sequiu trimming. Lady Palmer wore light blue arranged with cream-colored net. Lady Rogers also wore blue, a striking gown ot dark, 'royal blue’ shade, relieved by white muslin and lace at the neck and sleeves. Another most effective gown was worn by Mi»s Slade ; this was of chiffon-velvet in a pale shade of yellow, with a pompadour desigu of red roses and other flowers upon it : made in the princess style, it was bordered by a deep, transparent flounce of black sequined lace over cream colour. Pink was the prevailing color. Mrs. Mellwraith wore it, and Miss Royle's gown of the same hue was very dainty and becoming. Madame Harari Pasba was attired in a smart frock of orange-pink silk. Mrs. Arnold Perry’s costume of white mousseline de soie patterned with pale pink roses was admired. Mrs. Hunter wore a picturesque frock of black taffetas, the skirt gathered very full and the bodice à la Marie Antoinette, a band of laoe-like passementerie simulating the wide effect of the fichu which it replaced. Mrs. Watson looked exceedingly well in white satin with flounces of fiue point d Alençon lace, and her war medals as her only ornaments. Mrs. Hooker wore cre'pe de Chine of a deep violet shade. Chiffon-velvet, rucked and tucked, and the skirts arranged in a multiplicity of full, rich folds, was the dernier cri of fashion. Mme. de Martino Pasha wore a handsome pale-blue gown of this material ; Mrs. Campbell was in grey velvet. Taffetas, very sheeny and crisp, was much seen, and soft ‘Liberty’ satins were also popular. Fine nets were much used, and spotted muslins were greatly in vogue for the toilette de jeune fille. Another pretty girl's frock was of soft blue satin, with a "three-decker' skirt, and a large bunch of Parma violets on the bodice. An exquisite gown was of fine black net over white, arranged in Directoire style, with narrow straps of black velvet ribbon across the front and a garniture of pale blue tru-lover's knots and beautiful white lace.
Among other representatives of the British colony we noticed Mr. and Mrs. A.D. Alban, Mr. and Mrs. Archibald, Mr. and Miss Sheldon Amos, Mr. and Mrs. Anderson, Mr. Aspinall, Dr. Beddoe, Birdwood Boy and Mrs. Birdwood, Mr. and Mrs. Brunyate, the Very Rev. Dean and Mrs. Butcher, Mr. and Mm. Crawley, Mr. and Mrs. Courtenay Clifton, Coles Pasha, Mrs. and the Misses Coles, Mr. and Mrs. Carey, Miss Caillard, Corbet Bey, Mr. and Mrs. Dilbé-roglue, Mr. and Mrs. 8cott-Dalgleisb, Major and Mrs. Garner, Sir William Garstin, Major and Mrs. Graham, Judge Halton, H.E. Harvey Pasha, Mr. aud Mrs. Hooker, Mr. and Mrs. Hornblower, Mr. Harrison, H.E. Johnson Pasba and Mrs. Johnson, Major and Mrs. L’Estrango Johnstone, Dr. and Mrs. Keatinge, Mr. and Mrs. Kingsford, Littlewood Bey and Mrs. Littlewood, Dr. and Mrs. Madden, Mr. and Mrs. Mellwraith, Dr. and Mrs. Milton, Mr. and Mrs. Moore, Morice Bey, D. Morice Bey and Mrs. Morice, Sir Colin and Lady Scott-Moncrieff, Mr. and Mrs. Molesworth, Dr. Mu-rison, Dr. and Mrs. Notan, Purvis Bey and Mrs. Purvis, Sir Elwin and Lady Palmer, Mr. and Mrs. Arnold Perry. Mrs. and Miss Rees, Mr. Reid, Sir John and Lady Rogers, Mr. and Mrs. Rowlatt, Mr. and Miss Royle, Judge Royle, Dr. Sandwith, Dr. and Mrs. Elliot-Smith, Judge and Mrs. Satow, Mr. Scott, Mr. and Mrs. Sheppard, Miss Sheppard, Mr. and Mrs. Villiers Stewart, Mr. and Mrs. Stone. Mr. and Mrs. Thubron, Mr. and Mrs. Verschoyle, Judge and Mrs. Willmore, Mr. Carter Wilson. etc.
Soon after one o’clock the guests began. to depart, but.it was not until a much later hour that the last of them had quitted the palace. The police arrangements for control ling the carriages en route for Abdeen appeared to be very complete ; a strong force commanded the entrance! to Abdeen Street and lined its whole length. The queue was well preserved, but we are inclined to think that the’ manipulation of the traffic Joining the main from the side streets was not as perfect as it has been on fermer occasions, and caused some unnecessary delay.
ARMY OF OCCUPATION.
DEPARTURE OF R.F.A.
The 56th Battery, Royal Fiejd Artillery, has received orders to hold itself in readiness to embark at Alexandria for England ou the hired transport “Dilwara" about March 1 next.
 The Battery will be replaced in Egypt by No. 2 Company Royal Garrison Artillery, which embarks at Southampton on the “Dil-wara” on or about the 14th proxo. and will arrive at Alexandria about March 1.
The transport “Sicilia" is due at Port Said on the 28th inst., on her way home. Details for passage in this vessel will leave Cairo by the 6.15 p.m. train on the 27th inst., and from Alexandria by the 3 30 p.m.. train same day.
39 N.C.O.'s. and men of the 2nd Battalion Rifle Brigade, with one officer and one N.C.O. in charge, will arrive at Cairo by the 7.20 a.m. train on the 24th inst., from Khartoum, for embarkation in the transport “Sicilia" on the 28th idem, for home.
PRINCE LEOPOLD AT ASSOUAN.
(From our Correspondent).
Assouan, January 21.
H.R.H. Prince Leopold of Battenberg and Dr. Stenhouse are back at the Cataract Hotel, Assouan.
THE HOLY CARPET.
(From our correspondent.)
Suez, Sunday.
Thé Holy Carpet is expected to‘arrive At Suez by special train at noon to-morrow. The procession will take place the same afternoon, and subsequently both Carpet and Mahmal will be placed on board the Khédivial Mail liner "Rahmanieh” for conveyance to Jeddah. Two other Khédivial mail steamers,tho "Dakahlieh” and " Neghileh, ’’ will escort them, having oh board about 2,000 pilgrims. The total number of Egyptians leaving this year for Mecca exceeds 16,000.
Suez is unable to cope with such a rush, and consequently the majority of thé pilgrims have had to camp out of the town, awaiting their turn to leave.
It is noticeable that almost all the Egyptian pilgrims are well armed this year, fearing an attack by the Bedouins en route to the sacred
city.
KING OSCAR’S BIRTHDAY.
In honor of the birthday of H. M. the King of Sweden and Norway, a dinner was given on Saturday in one of the private saloons of the Ghezireh Palace Hotel by Mr. C. Belinfante Ostberg to H. R. R Prince Gustavus Adolphus of i Sweden and Norway.
There wore present, besides his Royal Highness,LidyCromar, Lady Beatrice Thynne, Boutros Pasha Ghali, General, Mrs. and Miss Slade, De Martino Pasha and Mme. De Mar tino, Ahmed Zeky Pasha, Thurneyassen Pasha, Fabricuis Pasha and Mme. Fabricius, Mr. add Mrs. Brugsch Bey, Baron Ralamb, Captain Swerre, Mr. Borchgrevink, Mr. Monteur, Mr. Heggen, Prof. Jager, Mr. and Mrs. Hoy, Mr. Thister, Mr. and Mrs. Silverhjein, and Mr. Mollen.
Daring dinner Prinoe Gustavus Adolphos proposed the health of H. M. the King of Sweden and Norway, Mr. Belinfante Ostberg proposed that of H. H. the Khedive and also of H. R. H. Prince Gustavus Adolphus, the different national anthems being played.
BUBONIC PLAGUE.
According to the official report for the Week ending Saturday, 5 casés of bubonic plague were reported during (he past week, 4 at Suez and 1 at Toukh. There were 3 deaths and 2 recoveries.
CATTLE PLAQUE.
During the week ending Saturday, 9 deaths only were reported, viz, 1 at Port said, 1 each at Baltim (Markaz Borollos) and Seb-dassis (Markaz Mehallet el Kobra), in the Gharbieh province, and 6 at Shantour, Market Bibeh, Beni Souef. During the corresponding week of 1904, 5,065 deaths were reported. During the past week 884 animals have been inoculated. The total of deaths hitherto reported  amounts to 146,791.
POST OFFICE SAVINGS BANK.
EXTENSION OF SERVICE
From 1st February next the poet offices at the following places will be admitted to transact Savings Bank business Kom Ombo, Omria, Armant, Matarieh (near Manzala), Shibin El Kanater, Bilcas, Matai, Badrashein, Rodah,-Nakada, Abou Matamir, Koubbeh, Minsha, Kutur, arid Ibrahimieh (Ramleb).
Anglo-American Nile Steamer,
HOTELCOMPANY.

PERSONAL AND S0CIAL
The Bishop of Delaware preached at St George s Church, Cairo, yesterday.

The Earl of Crawford, K.T., who is at present staying at the Tewfik Palace Hotel, Helouan, is having his auxiliary steam yacht "Valhalla" fitted out at Cowes for a long cruise. The vessel is to leave port in a few weeks’ time to take her owner on board.
The Hon. Mrs. Ronald Greville has left London for Cannes en route for Egypt
Among the passengers by the Orient liner “Orizaba,” due at Port Said on Wednesaday, are the Earl and Countess of Morton ‘ the Hon. W. F. D. and Lady Esther Smith, and Lord Herschell.
The restaurant at Shepheard's presented an animated appearance on Friday evening, when a number of people were dining there previous to attending the Khedive's Ball H. R. H. Prince Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden and Norway was present. Judge Halton entertained a party of five. We also notioed Mrs. Campbell, with a party, and Mr. Carter Wilson among the diners. This restaurant is, nowadays, one of the pleasantest dining places in Cairo, and the catering and servioe are in every way equal to what is met with* at the best hotels in Europe.
Capt. H. S. Logan, of the Leicester Regiment, has been appointed Bimbashi in thé 12th Sudanese Battalion.
Lieut. N. McD. Teacher has been appointed Bimbashi in the 10th Sudanese.
We are glad to hear that Mr. James Opie, secretary of the Khédivial Mail Line who has been laid up for the last six weeks at the Deaconesses’ Hospital, Alexandria, with a severe attack of smallpox, is now quite convalescent and has left the hospital.
Amongst the latest arrivals at the Eastern Exchange Hotel, Port Said are Mr. and Mrs. Weekes, Mr. E Pach Mr. J. Sohaar, Mr. & B. Solano, Mr, D. A. Croall, Mr. W. J. Murphy, Mr- B Roy Mr. D. Dirk, Mr. and Mrs. Asldy, Mr. and Mrs. Rendle, Miss Rendle, Miss Brorter, Mr. and Mrs. Hardy, Mr. Zdandevist, Mr. G. Robin, Mr. Daerks, Mr. Kisch.
The following passengers left Shellal by the “Prinoe Abbas” yesterday: Miss Crewdson Miss Lindesay, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Vanderpoel, Mr. and Mrs. Rayual, Mr. and Mrs. Brauer, Miss Waterhouse, Mr. Wm. Johnston, Miss E W. Johnston, Mr. and Mrs. Ambrose Congreve, Dr. and Mrs. Dub,Col. Robt. J. Pratt Saunders, C. B., Mrs H. Schou, Capt. Ulgo Bedinello, Miss Augusta Bedinello, Mr. Girardelii, Mr. Swindells, Miss Booth, Mr. F. Maitland, Miss Maitland, Misses Wauchope.
SAVOY SMALL DANCE.
Last Saturday's small dance was attended with the usual success. The restaurant was again quite full, and an additional private dining-room bad to be converted into a restaurant to accommodate all who had ordered tables. The list of diners would take up too much space. We may however mention Tueni Bey’s party, including Prinoe Djamil Toussouo, Prince Aly Paxil and Princess Fazil, M. Raphael Suares, Mme. and Mile. Sursock, M. and Mme. Michel Tueni The Duke of Montremart was with Prince de Tonnay Charente and Marquis d’Audriffed Pasquier. M. and Mme. Çhoremi were with M. and Mme. Benacbi and M. and Mme. Trehaki. Mr. Thubron had a party of 6 ; Mr. Charles Royle a party of 7, including Miss Royle, Mr. and Mrs. Drummond-Hay, and Dr. and Mrs. Warnock ; M. de Bilinsky a party of 8, including Mr. and Mrs. Adams, Mr. and Mrs. Garret, Miss Pidgeon, and Miss Walford ; and Mr. Goshen’s party included Capt. and Mrs. Lyons, Mr. and Mrs. Mansfield de C. Findlay, and Mr. Greville
Wo also noticed Lady Clarke, Mrs. Jay, Mr. Carter Wilson, Major E Herbert, CoL Watson, M. and Mmb. A. Cattaui, Mme. de Martino Pasha, Dr. Armstrong and a part}- of 6, etc.
The restaurant was also well filled for sapper.
Owing to the increasing success of the Savoy small dances, the management has decided to give an extra small dance on Tuesday, 31st inst. The Saturday’s small dance will take place every week as usual.
There will also be a small danoe on Friday evening next, after the concert organised by the Comité des Fétes.
CARLTON HOTEL.
Bulkeley, Ramleh,
Ten minutes from Alexandria, First-Class in every respect.
Very moderate charges
GRAND HOTEL BONNARD,
8. per day, wine included
CAIRO GRAND HAMMAM.
TURKISH BATHS