THE ROYAL VISIT.

DEPARTURE FOR UPRIVER.

The Duke of  Connaught and Lord Cromer visited the Princes of the Khedivial family

The Duchess of Connaught, accompanied by the Princesses, proceeded to Koubbeh Palace yesterday morning at ten o'clock to return the Khedivah's visit of the previous day.

Alter attending the races the Duke and Duchess of Connaught, accompanied by the Princesses, left Cairo at 6.45 p.m. on their way

Our Keneh Correspondent, telegraphing this morning, states that the Royal party passed through Keneh station, en route for Luxor, at 9:50 a.m. two hours behind time. The Duke arrived on the station platform and conversed for some little time with the Sub-moudir. There was a large crowd of spectators at the station to greet their Royal Highnesses.

PROGRAMME FOR KHARTOUM.

The Royal party are due to arrive at Khartoum at 2 a.m. on February 2. The following is the programme of their stay ;

Feb. 2 and 3. Mornings free for inspection of Rifle brigade. Afternoon, garden party at the Palace and opening of Agricultural Show, respectively.

Feb. 4. Morning. Review of all the troops. Afternoon. Visit to Omdurman. Evening.

Torchlight Tattoo.

Feb. 5. After morning service at Church. Visit to Gordon College and Drive round Khartoum.

If the Duke stays another day he will

arrange a picnic up the White Nile.

THE KHEDIVE

The Khedive yesterday was amongst the visitors to the Ghezireh race course, together with the Duke and Duchess of Connaught. At 6:30 p m the Khedive accompanied them to the train which is to take the Royal visitors to Khartoum. His Highness afterwards returned to Kouhbeh.

The Khedive came this morning to Abdeen Palace to preside over the Council of Ministers.

THE EMPRESS EUGENIE

The Empress Eugene had luncheon in the Savoy Restaurant yesterday, her guests including Princes' Bonaparte dc la Moskawa Mile B. De Bassatro, Comte Primoli, Comte Clary and  Franceschini Pietn.

During the morning the Empress received visiting Prince Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden

and Norway. the Duchess of Connaught,

accompanied by the Princesses and the Countess of Comer, and the Duke of Connaught, in company with the Earl of Cromer

The Khedive called upon the Empress this

KAISERS BIRTHDAY.

The anniversary of the Kaiser's birthday was celebrated with the usual loyalty by the German xxxxx at Cairo and Alexandria. Yesterday at 10 a.m. there was a service in the Lutheran Church at Cairo. followed by a largely attended reception, held by Dr. Rucker-Jenson at the German Agency. Tbe Duke of Connaught and Prince Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden visited Dr. Jenisch. Another reception was held by Mr. Gumprecht at the Consulate, and in the evening there was a banquet at the Grand Continental Hotel and a tete at the Cercle Artistique.

At Alexandria the day began with a mass at the Kaiser Wilhelm's Home. There was a service at the Lutheran Church and baron von Humboldt Dachroeden held a reception. The Krieger Verein had a loyal gathering of members and the day ended with a Kommcrs

COUNCIL OF MINISTERS.

The Khedevial decrees published today after the Council of Ministers Abdeen Palace refer merely to appointmentus which we have already published, and to certain expropriations of land for public utility.

THE MAHMAL ROBBERY.

The statement which appears to-day in a Cairo morning newspaper, to the effect that the 8,000 pounds, which had disappeared, have been found again, and that the soldiers, who had been arrested ou suspicion of having stolen the money, have been released, is totally erroneous and has no foundation in fact.

It seems that in the specie van the cases containing the money were arranged in three rows, each case having its own number and the amount of the money contained therein marked on it. The cases nearest the sliding

door of the van contained sums of about £3,000 in Maria Theresa dollars. The stolen box was in the middle of the second row and the thief, after lifting out the box from among the others, arranged them so as to fill up the gap in their line

From this it would seem more probable than ever that the thief or thieves had sometime allowed them lor effecting their nefarious enterprise. It is not considered likely that the thief was a European, but it a Moslem he was evidently one of those to whom the Arab proverb Yiferagu mal en Nebi" is applicable
EGYPT'S TRADE IN 1904.

ENORMOUS DEVELOPMENT.

The Egyptian Customs returns for December are always of exceptional importance inasmuch as they furnish us with the statistics not only for that mouth, but for the whole year, and enable us to anticipate, in so far as regards the larger totals, the annual report of the Customs Administration, which will not appear tor some mouths.

The imports for December have maintained the upward tendency which has been incidence throughout the year, being LE. 638,959 in excess over those for the same month in 1903, and bringing the total imports to the record figure of LE 20,559,588. This is an enormous increase, for we considered the imports for 1903 to be extraordinary, when they showed a total of L.E. 16,753,190. That was a record, being nearly two millions 13%, over that of 1902, and 1 1/2 millions, or 10% over the total for 1901, the highest touched previously to 1903. Rut 1904, with its increase of nearly four millions, L.E. 3,806,398, over the previous years, is the best on record and is a proof of

EGYPT'S AMAZING PROSPERITY.

Our share in Egypt's import trade for the last few years is as follows :

Groat Britain : 1901 ; LE 5,699,201. 1909 ; LE 5,559,559. 1903 ; L.E. 5,919,404. 1904 ; LE 6,990,689.

These figures show that our share of Egypt's total trade in 1901 was 37.4, in 1909 37.5, in 1903 36.9, and last year 99.8.

A full analysis and comparison of our trade with Egypt as compared with that of other countries is impossible without the fuller details that will be supplied by the forthcoming annual returns, so we shall reserve until their appearance an exhaustive review of the year's trade, it does not need, however, more than a glance to discover under wbat heads the imports have chiefly increased. The following figures represent the total increase in Egyptian

Animals and alimentary products of animals 374,110.

Cereals, vegetables, flour, etc. 307.666. Sugar, spices, coffee 210,015.

Wood and coal 370,033.

Textiles 1,319,175.

Iron, ironwork, copper, brass, etc. 694,051. Parcel-post 138,559.

EXPORTS.

The exports during the past twelve months amounted to L.E. 20,811,040, an increase of LE. 1,271,516 on 1903. The total value of the cotton exported was LE 16,702,730, an increase of L.E. 1,025,916. Bean exports rose from L.E. 196,515 to LE. 953,914, onions from LE. 191,158 to LE. 965,974, and cigarettes from L E. 493,339 to L.E. 494,964. The biggest falling off in exports was in sugar cane, which decreased by L.E 93,933.

PERSONAL AND SOCIAL.

Prince Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden and Norway attended the reception held by the German Diplomatic Agent and Consol General yesterday on the occasion of he anniversary of the Kaiser's birthday.

In Lady Cromer’s brother, the now Undersecretary for India, Mr.Brodrick will find a colleague who is both able and amiable, and possibly, if occasion serves, a successor to Lord Curzon. The fifth Marquess of Bath has had some valuable official experience as private secretary to the late Earl of Iddlesleigh—himself Indian Secretary—and as assistant secretary to Lord Goschen when he was at the Treasury.

As Viscount Weymouth he spent six years in the House of Commons as member for the Frome division, and revealed himself as a fluent and ready speaker with a comprehensive grasp of the subjects under debate, and he has been proving himself an exceedingly capable chairman of the Royal Commission on Idiots and Inebriates, he is Lord Lieutenant of Somerset, in which office he succeeded the late Earl of Cork, and be is the owner of some sixty thousand acres, of which the eight-and-twenty thousand which comprise his Wiltshire and Somersetshire properties represent a rent-roll of something like eighty thousand a year.

General de Negrier intends to make a long stay in Egypt and will also make a trip to the Sudan. One of his reasons for visiting Egypt, says a French newspaper, is, “outre autres projets, d'étudier l'organisation des contrées musulmanes qui envoient des missions nombreuses au Maroc, uti elles ont acquis une très grande influence."

The Savoy Restaurant presented an animated appearance yesterday evening on the occasion of the concert organised by the “Comité des Fêtes. Both the new enlarged restaurant and a second private dining room, which had to be opened for the occasion, were quite full. Among the diners we noticed Mr. Speyer, with a party of 12. Sir W. Garstin was entertained by the Duke and Duchess of Devonshire. Mrs. Simon had a party of 6. The Master of Elibank's party included Sir Thomas Lipton, Mr. Armstrong, Mr. Hobhouse, M.P., the Hon. O'Brian, Mr. and Mrs. H Pasha Owing to the death of Nungovich Bey's daughter, the small dance announced was put off.

We much regret to announce the death ol Sacha Nungovich, the infant daughter of Nungovich Bey, who succumbed to pneumonia on Thursday evening. The funeral took place yesterday afternoon. We offer our sincere condolences to the parents in their bereavement
SPORT AND PLAY.

CAIRO SECOND WINTER MEETING

Second Day's Racing.

Yesterday's races were a great success. The presence of H.H. the Khedive and H.R.H. tbe Duke and Duchess of Connaught, the improvement in the weather, and the excellent sport provided by the K.S.C. on Wednesday, all helped to attract a very large attendance, and no previous meeting, in the Cairo season of 1904-5, could have rivalled it in the numbers of residents and visitors present. H. R. H. Prince Gustavus Adolphus, H. H. Prince Mohamed Aly Pasha the Earl and Countess of Cromer, the Duke and Duchess of Devonshire, Sir William Gafatin, the Hon. F. O. Lindley and the Hon. Mrs. Lindley, Mr. A. L Webb C.M.G., Mr. P. Machell, Mr. H. Carter Wilson, Major-General Slade, C.B., and Mrs. Slade. Sir Edward and Lady Zobrab, Sir John and Lady Rogers, Mr. and Mrs. Sharman, Sir Elwin Palmer, Mr. H. Rumbold, Mr. Higgins, Mr. and Mrs. Brunyate, Mme. Adolphe Cattaui, Mr. and Mrs. Alban, Mr. and Mrs. Scott-Dalgleish, Dr. Keatinge and Mrs. Keatinge, Dr. and Mrs. Nolan, Major and Mrs. Delavoye, Mr. and Mrs. Hogg, Mr. and Mrs. Parvis, Milhem Bey Shakour and Miss Shakour, Mr. and Mrs. Wylde were there and many others—in fact, almost all the best-known members of Cairo society, and the grand-stand and enclosure presented a most brilliant spectacle.

The racing, it less sensational than on Wednesday, presented many points of interest, but it was the greatest of pities that there were such small fields in the second and fourth races. The race of the day was the Paddock Handicap, which resulted in a well-earned victory for Ishak Boy Hussein's Farhan II., which also came home second in the Galloway Handicap. Khalil Pasha Kayat, though be could not repeat Wednesday’s success, did well, and Mr. Lockett had the satisfaction of riding two winners.

The starts were managed with the minimum of delay. Shortly after the arrival of the Khedive, escorted by a detachment of his Body Guard and greeted by the strains of the Khédivial Anthem, came the first race. The Duke and Duchess of Connaught arrived after the second race, accompanied by the Princesses, and followed by their escort. They were received with the National Anthem.

TURF CLUB HANDICAP—Value L.E. 40, 2nd horse to receive LE 3, if four or more start, and 3rd horse LE 2, if six more start, out of the stakes. For Arabs and C.B’s Distance 1 1/2 miles.

Captain Gillson’s c.h.c.b. Brennus, 11.0. M.

Reid.	1

Moharrem Pasha’s g.b.g. Mizzaud, 8.8. Kon-kides.	2

Omar Boy Sultan and Bakry Bey's g.a.h. Rachid, 9.7. Stillwell.

Omar Bey Sultan and Bakri Bey's be.c.m.

Florence, 13.0. Ali Farag.	0

Khalil Pasha Kayat’s g.a.h. Banaback, 10.12.

Mr. Lockett.	0

Messrs. Rees and Barker's b.c.b.m. Jewel of Asia, 12.7. Mr. G. H. Barker.	0

Jewel of Asia led but was passed at the end of the first half-mile by Brennus, who led up to the corner pressed by Banaback. At the corner Jewel of Asia was out of it and Banaback had nothing left for a spurt and was passed by Rachid, while Mizzaud, making a good effort, worried Brennus all the way up the straight, but was beaten by about 3/4 of a length. A poor third.

Totalisator paid P.T. 128 on winner and 38, 27. and 22 for places.

THE INTERNATIONAL HANDICAP. Value L.E. 100, presented by the Egyptian Government For classes 1, 2 and 3, and Country B’s Distance about 1 1/2 miles.

Hassan Pasha Mohsen's b.e.h. Merry Rustic, 11.3. Mr. Reid.	 1

Omar Bey Sultan and Bakri Bey’s b.e.h. Bonus, 8.11. Bonser. 	2

Khalil Pasha Kayat’s ch.e.m. Ravensden, 9.7. 0 Omar Bey Sultan and Bakri Bey's b.a.c.m.

Florence, 9.0.	0

Omar Bey Sultan and Bakri Boy's ch.e.b.

Flying Gipsy, 10.3.	0

Ibrahim Boy Cherif's ch.e.h. Oberon, 8.13. Eliseo.	0

Bonus led at the start, Oberon being a long way behind and never making up. Merry Rustic caught Bonus after 1/2 a mile and the horses ran together till the corner, when Hassan Pasha Mohsen's horse went ahead and won without being really pressed. Oberon was a deplorable third.

Totalisator paid P.T. 37 on winner and P.T. 21 and 26 for places. THE PADDOCK HANDICAP. Value LE 300. 2nd horse to receive LE 50, and 3rd horse LE30, out of the stakes. For Arab ponies Distance about 1 mile, 1 furlong.

Ishak Bey Hussein's ch.ah. Farhan II., 11.2.

Stillwell.	1

Khalil Pasha Kayat's g.ah. Latiff, 9.13. White-side	2

Khalil Pasha Kayat's g.ah. Sadik, 10.9. Jenkins.	3

Captain Gillson's flg.a.h. Sirur, 8.9. Shaker. 0 Saleh Bey Yaghen’s b.a.h. Abou Arkoub, 9.19.

Hassan.	0

Khalil Pasha Kayat's ch.ah. Klondyke,- 9.12.

McCall.	0

Ishak Bey Hussein’s g.ah. Saber, 10.12. H.

Sulitnan.	0

Ibrahim Bey Cherif's g.a.h. Royalist, 10.12.

Elias.	0

Ibrahim Bey Cherif's ch.ah. Fantasia, 10.11.

Eliseo

Moharrem Pasha's g.a.h. Agib, 10.5. Mr. A. J.

Michaelides.	0

Messrs. Rees and Barker's g.ah. Vandal, 10.6.

Mr. G. H. Barker.	0

Messrs. Rees and Barker's g.ah. India, 9.7.

Abdullah.	0

Mr. Tueni's Kah. Viking, 8.6. Matthews, 0 Mr. R Sursock and Mr. Tueni's b.a.h. Amory, 9.7, Batty,
Khalil Pasha Kayat's stable were favorites,

Farhan II., Agib, and India being well backed for places. Farhan II. went off splendidly at the start, and after being temporarily passed by Agib, went ahead again ;	and Latiff

then came up from the crowd and passed Agib, who was done at the corner. Klondyke and Saber both challenged but were shaken off, though Sadik and Latiff never got very near Farhan II., who got in by 2 lengths. Latiff was half a length ahead of Sadik.

Totalisator paid P.T. 128 on winner and P.T. 88,27, and 22 for places.

THE PYRAMID STEEPLECHASE Value LE 40, 2nd horse to receive LE 10, if four or more start, and 3rd horse LE 5, if six or more start, out of the stakes. For all horses that have never won a race of LE 40. Catch weights over 11 st. 7lba Distance 2 miles. Ibrahim Bey Cherif and E. Bey Sursock's g.a.b. Arabi, Mr. Reid.	1

Mr. E Karam’s g.a.h. Soutfi, Mr. Lockett. 0 The rewere only two horses in for this race, which excited little or no interest and was fairly easily won by Soutfi.

Totalisator paid P.T. 27 on winner.

THE UNITED SERVICE HANDICAP SCURRY, of LE 30, 2nd horse to receive LE 7, and 3rd LE 3, if 6 or more start, out of the stakes, for Arabs. The property of Officers of the Army of Occupation, British Officers attached to the Egyptian Army, British Civilians the Egyptian Government and British Members of the K.S.C. Distance 1/2 mile.

Mr. Lockett’s ch.a.h. Fits, 12.7. Owner. 1 Captain G. Gillson's g.a.h. The Clown, 10.10.

Mr. Reid.	2

Mr. C. W. Hemp's b.a.h. Grand Slam, 11.0.

Owner.	8

Mr. A. Schreiber's g.a.h. Shewiman, 12.0.

Owner.	0

Captain G. B. Byrne’s g.a.h.. Samhane, 11.4 Starkey.	0

Captain G. B. Byrne’s g.a.h. Emilias, 9.12.

Mathews.	0

Mr. Lockett's g.a.h. Game Chicken, 10.0.	0

Mr. J. W. Simonds' b.a.h. The Bard, 10.7 Whiteside.	0

Fitz led from the start, and though challenged by Clown at the corner, was never in difficulties  and won well After passing Shewiman, Grand Slam came up well at the finish and was half-a-length behind behind Clown. Won by a length and a half.

Totalisator paid P.T. 54 on winner and P.T. 21,49, and 49 for places.

THE GALLOWAY HANDICAP. Value LE 40, 2nd horse to receive L.E.3, if four or more start, and 3rd horse L.E.2, if six or more start, out of the stakes. For Arabe. Distance round the course.

Ibraim Bey Cherif's b.a.h. St-Frusquin, 9.12.

Clements.	1

Ishak Bey Hussein's ch.ah. Farhan II., 11.2.

Stillwell.	2

Khalil Pasha Kayat’s g.a.h.. Latiff, 10.12.

McCall	3

Khalil Pasha Kayat’s g.a.h.. Sadik, 11.2. Jenkins.	0

Moharrem Pasha's g.b.g. Mizzaud, 11.0. Mr. A.

J. Michaelides 	0

Mr. Tueni's g.a.h.. Petrone, 9.0. Matthews 0 Ibraim Bey Cherif and Elie Bey Sursock’s b.a.c.

Mikado 9.3. Elias.	0

Mr. E Karam's ch.ah. Eclipse, 10.5. Michaelises 	0

Ishak Bey Hussein’s b.a.h. Shahrour, 10.8. H.

Suleiman.	0

Messrs Branch and Mason’s b.a.h. Starboard Light, 10.12. Kamel Effendi.	 0

Messrs. Rees and Barker's g.a.h. 10.6.	0

Kamel Eff. Maher's g.a.h.. Social Life, 9.7. Abdallah.	0

Sadik and Latiff got well away at the start, Mikado, who had some support, beginning badly. Mizzaud came up, followed by Farhan II., and St. Frusquin then challenged and led at the corner, Farhan II., Sadik, and Latiff close behind. Sadik could not stay and St. Frusquin,going very strongly down the straight, won by a length, Farhan being nearly the same distance ahead of Latiff.

Totalisator paid P.T. 224 on winner and P.T. 56, 37, and 38 for places.

On the conclusion of the race the Royal visitors and their suite, who had to leave at 6.45 for the Sudan, drove off escorted by cavalry, the band playing the National Anthem. The Khedive followed, the Khédivial Anthem being played as he drove away, and a most successful day’s racing came to an end.

FOOTBALL

In consequence of the Military Tournament taking place at Cairo on February 15, the Boulac Railway Institute have decided to play their 5 a-side football competition on February 16.

NILE TOURISTS.

The following passengers left Cairo yesterday by the P.S. "Tewfik" Nile trip—Mr. and Mrs. Max Polter, Baron and Baroness Podesta, Mr. and Mrs. J. N. Palmer, Mr. and Mrs. Geo. F. Volkmann, Mrs. A. Le C. Adams, Mr. and Mrs. E Isakiewicz, Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Taylor, Mrs. Arrigo Fraus, Miss Elizabeth Marcbet, Mrs. Thornton, Mrs. G. V. Benson, Dr. Ludwig and Mrs. Korn, Mr. Felix Field, Sir Edmund Verney, Mr. H. C. W. Verney, Miss Volkmaun, Mr. Pier Francisco Casaretto, Mr. and Mrs. John W. Stewart, Mrs. and Miss Wezermann, Dr. Hugo and Mrs. Hinze, Mr. and Mra Heinrich Biagosch, Miss Sophie Biagosch, Miss Bailey, Mr. J. B. Barker, Mr. Harry Gamble, Mr. John Henry Robinson, Mr, R. Boyle, Mrs. Priester, Mr. Knopf.

The following left Kasr-el-Nil yesterday by the S.S. "Victoria” of the Anglo-American Line M. Munier, M. Pureur, Mr. and Mrs. Heidelbach, Mrs. D. C. Blair. Mr. and Mrs. Franklin Sidway, Mr. Ralph H. Sidway. Mr. Hugh Cayley, Mrs. C. B. Paul, Mrs. H. T. Heald, Miss Leila Kerby, Miss Gwendolen Kerby, Miss Lucie Hartrath, Baroness Gray, Hon. Mrs. H. Campbell, Miss Thorn Gray, Mr. and Mrs. Edward L Osgood, Master and the Misses Osgood, Miss Clara Davidson, Rev. E.J. and Mrs. Hardy, Mrs. Elliott and Miss Catherine Russell, Mr. and Mrs. Janos Donnelly, Herr and Fran Lenz, Miss S. P. and Miss T. H. Graham, Jushsrat Felix and Frau Kaufmann, mme. Wolff, Mme. Rosenthal, Herr and Fran Wechaler.
