THE DUKE OF CONNAUGHT.

ARRANGEMENTS FOR ARRIVAL

T .R. H. the Duke and Duchess of Connaught are expected to reach Alexandria on board H. M. S. “Essex" on Thursday morning probably about 11 o'clock, and will at once leave tor Cairo, where they are due to arrive about 4 o'clock. As before stated, their Royal Highnesses will proceed to Abbeen Palace where they will be the guests of the Khedive.

On Thursday night H. H. the Khedive will give a banquet at Abdeen Palace in honor of T. R. H. the Duke and Duchess of Connaught The Princes of the Khedivial Family, the Ministers, Lord and Lady Cromer, the foreign diplomatic Agents, and the personnel of the British Agency have been invited.

Their Royal Highnesses will leave Cairo on the following night for Khartoum, and their programme up river will probably be as before stated, but it has been decided that the Royal party will make their own arrangements, while Nhugovich Bey will cany out all the necessary arrangements during their stay in Cairo both this week and on their return.

The following is published in Army Orders :

 His Royal Highness the Inspector General of the Forces is expected to reach Alexandria and Cairo On 26th inst.

" He will be met on landing at Alexandria by the Brigadier General Commanding, Commanding Officers, Hoads of Departments, at Alexandria, and a Guard of Honor, consisting of 1 Captain, *2 Subalterns, a duo proportion of Sergeants, and 100 rank and file, with the King's Colour and Band, to bo detailed by the Brigadier General Commanding, Alexandria

“ He will be met at Cairo railway station by the General Officer Commanding in Egypt, Commanding Officers, Heads of Departments, in Cairo, and a Guard of Honor, consisting of l Captain, 2 Subalterns, a due proportion

•	of Sergeants, and 100 rank and tile, with the King's Colour and Band, 2nd Bn. Royal Inni-skilling xxxxx."

THE KHEDIVE.

The Khedive will receive Prince Arfat ed Dawlah Khan, Persian Ambassador at Constantinople, at Abdeen Palace to-day and will return the Prince’s visit at the Continental Hotel.

His Highness has been graciously pleased to

bestow the following decorations :

Medjidieh -Grand Officer (2nd class) M. George Zervudachi, notable of Alexandria.

Commander 3rd class) ; Soliman Zeitoun Bey. Omdeh of Kafr-el Hamam, M. Miltiadi Avierni, and M. Charies Bacos, notables of

Officer (4th class) M. John Zoucas, engi-

Osnianaeh	Officer (4th class) Youssef

Zouhny Bey and Ahmad Rifat Bey, notables

EGYPT'S PROSPERITY.

The value, in Egyptian pounds, of specie

declared at the Egyptian Customs during 1094 was as follows :

Gold Imported, L E. 7,042,949.

Silver Imported,	,,	593,915.

Gold Exported,	„	2,724,157.

Silver Exported,	„	6,733.

These figures are very significant of the extraordinary prosperity of the country, no less than L É. 4,288,792 having been added to the net wealth of the country in specie alone

during the last twelve months.

A. L M & D. S.

It would really have been difficult to devise a more attractive programme than that which has been arranged for the recital to be given to morrow evening at Mon-ferrato's - Hall by Mr. H. Scott-Leslie under the auspices of the Alexandria Literary, Musical and Dramatic Society. The versatile entertainer will contribute the following items : Musical monologue, " The Lesson of the Water Mill," humorous sketch, “Matilda and the Builder (The Girl from Kay's), character sketch, "E can't take a roise out 'o oi,” a dissertation on mediaeval poetry, “Taffy was a Welshman," a ghost story, the following song», "The Horse the Missus dries the clothes on."

Nothing New," "Something quite original,"

‘ He J. Hann, “I'm tired," and short stories. He will be supported by Mr. David W. Norton pianist) and members of the society. Mr. Norton will play Rachmaninoffs Prelude—C. Diez. Minor, selections from The Country Girl, and the solo, "lmperial Patrol." Miss Mun-Gavin will sing "Voices of the Past” and ' Beloved, it is Morn, ’ with violin obbligato by Miss Gibson, Mr. R. M. Nixon will contribute ‘The Outpost's Vigil" and "Blow, blow, thou Winter Wind," and some members of the choral union will give the madrigal “True Love" from The Cingalee and the glee, "The Old Norse Song." With such a plethora of talent, the hall should be filled to its utmost capacity. Messrs. Davies Bryan & Co. are selling non members' tickets at P.T. 15.

STEAMER MOVEMENTS.

The Cunard S.S. “Cypria” will arrive on Thursday and will immediately begin loading for Liverpool and American ports.

The Moss liner “Amas is" arrived at Liver-pool yesterday morning.

WINDSOR HOTEL

largest 1st class and most comfortable Hotel In Alexandria. Facing the sea Jentral position. Under English management

81-11-904
SACRILEGIOUS THEFT.

LE. 8,000 STOLEN FROM HOLY CARPET'S ESCORT.

(From our Correspondent.)

Suez, Tuesday. 10.50 a.m.

 This year’s pilgrimage has already met with a most unfortunate contre-temps, even | before the Mahmal has left Egyptian territory.

I learn that a case of specie belonging to the I Mahmal, and valued at L B. 8,000, was stolen yesterday on the train near Genife station.

ARRIVAL AT SUEZ i	(From our Correspondent.)

Suez, Monday.

The special train conveying the Holy Carpet t arrived at Suez at 3 o'clock this afternoon, and on arrival of the train at the station, a saluté  of 21 guns was fired from the fort. Thousands of pilgrims, mingling with the natives of Suez, paraded the streets with flags, and the town presented a lively aspect

At about 4 o’clock the procession of the Holy Carpet took place. It was escorted by cavalry, infantry, and artillery, numbering 407 officers and men, under the command of Miralai Mohamed Bey Rifaat, as well as by detachments of Coast Guards, and the military band. Towards evening the Mahmal was con-veyed to the docks by the same special train, to be placed on board the Khédivial steamer ' Rahmanieh," which is due to sail on Wednesday for Jeddah.

This is a record year for the pilgrimage on account of the large number of Egyptian pilgrims, which exceeds 16,000, as against

12.000	last year.

The pilgrims are conveyed by the Khédivial steamers to Tor, where they purge five days' quarantine, and thence the same company’s steamers carry them on to Jeddah.

EGYPTIAN INVESTMENT AND AGENCY, LTD.

The rush of investors yesterday to subscribe to the Egyptian Investment and Agency, Limited, was extraordinary. All day long the National Bank of Egypt was besieged by masses of people, with the result that the amount tendered for subscription in Egypt was» £3,150,000, whereas the total capital of the company is only £200,000.

The amount over-subscribed in London is also very large.

Owing to this rush there will necessarily be some delay in the allotment

EGYPTIAN LAND INVESTMENT CO.

The Egyptian Land Investment Company is one of the latest of the many similar ventures, which are being daily launched at Alexandria. It objects are described as follows

L'achat et vente do terrains à bâtir, propriétés baties ou biens ruraux en Egypte ou au Soudan, ainsi que toutes affaires ou opérations, dont le caractère ou le but serait de nature à faire valoir ses acquisitions ou a contribuer au développement des affaires immobilières en général.

The capital is LE 100,000, divided into

20.000	shares of LE 5 each, which have all been subscribed by the following :—

Shares LE

A. Bartau Pasha	16,200	81,000

Ismail Pasha Kamel Yaken 1.000	5,000

Kalil Pasha Kayat	600	3,000

Augusto Luzzatto	500	2,500

Tigrane Gamsaragan	1,000	5,000

Michel Reizian Bey	200	1,000

Yrvanthe Agathon Bey	200	1,000

Emanuel Stross	300	1,500

Total	20,000	100,000

BRITISH CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.

The annual general meeting of members of the British Chamber of Commerce will be held in the offices of Messrs. Carver Bros & Co., Ltd., Alexandria, on Tuesday, 7th February, at 4 p.m.. The following business is to bo transacted :—

1 To pass the accounts and balance sheet for 1904.

2. To receive the committee's report of the past year's work.

3 To fill vacancies in the committee.

4. To consider a proposal to alter No. 5 of the articles of association By the following additions :—

A committee of 12 shall bo elected by the Cairo members to sit in Cairo, subject to the rules which govern the Alexandria committee. Minutes of the Alexandria and Cairo committees to be exchanged and the Alexandria committee to remain the executive.

CAIRO RACES.

By kind permission of Lient-Colonel G. M. Mackenzie, commanding, and officers, 2nd Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers, the Band will play the following programme at the Cairo races to morrow afternoon :

March—"Tho Thunderer”—Sousa.

Overture “Stradolla”—Flotow.

Entr'acte—“Rose Mousse”—Bose.

Selection—“Reminiscences of the Plantation"

—Chambers.

Valse—“Amoretten Tanze"—Gnng'l.

Song—“A Child's Song of Hope"—Myddleton. Morceau—"La Lettre de Manon"—Gillet Selection—"A Country Girl"—Monckton.

Regimental March.

Khédivial Anthem.

God Save the King.

R. Watson Ramsey, Bandmaster,
PERSONAL AND SOCIAL

Sir John Maxwell left London last week for Egypt where he will join the Duke of Connaught. He has not been in Egypt since he was hurriedly summoned from Khartoum in January, 1900, by Lord Kitchener, to take part in the South African war.

Mr Walrond, Lord Milner's private secret ary, who has been visiting Cairo, left yesterday for South Africa.

The Financial Adviser and Mr. H N. Bowdon-Smith returned from Khartoum yesterday.

The latest arrivals at the Savoy Hotel include Lady Londesborough, who arrived by the "Bremen,” Mr. Beadleston, Col. and Mme. R. de Planta, Hon. Mrs. Ronald Greville, Dr. and Mme. Aufachlaeger, Prof, and Mrs. D Vail, Mr. William McEwan, Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Burr, Miss M. Beardsley, Mias J. T. Sullivan, Mr. Edgar Anderson, and Mr. J. W. Wyatt.

Dr. John Garner has been promoted from assistant inspector to inspector of the Sanitary Department.

Kaimakam Patterson Bey, Sub-Commandant of the Cairo City Police, has been granted two months' leave, dating from Sunday.

The following passengers left Cairo for the Nile by the P. S. "Amenartas" yesterday; Mrs. Colls and friend, Dr. John and Mrs. Adcock, Mr. W. H. Sharpe, Mrs. Fred Sharpe, Mr. R. Thompson, Mrs. Ewart, Miss Doweling, Mrs. Pitt, Mrs. Poole, Mrs. Henry Wild, Miss

R.	D. Wild, Mrs. and Miss Bagshaw.

The following passengers left by the “Ra-meses the Great” to-day :—Mr. and Mrs. Allred Ashby, Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Adams, Mias E 0. Adams, Mr. Harold Arrowsmith, Mr. and Mrs. Bone Mr. J. A. Bleackley, Miss Bruster, Mr. and Mrs. Bendit, Mr. and Mrs. James W. Benson, Miss M. D. Beardsley, Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Burr, Mr. and Mrs. Paul Chabrier, Miss Elsie Cope, Miss Lilian Cope, Mrs. de la Camp, Prince de Tonnay Charente, Miss Campbell, Surg.-Maj. General Campbell Fraser, Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Garland, Mr. W. A. Gardner, Mr. Gardner (Jn.), Mr. and Mrs. Julius Hirschter, Mrs. E. H. Holliday, Count de Hunolstein, Miss Hubard, Mrs. Allen Haigh, Commander and Mrs. Knolles, Miss Alice Logan, Gen. Lar-nac, Mr. Sotus Madsen, Mr. Consul Emil Muller, Miss Elise Muller, Duo de Mortemart, Mrs. Kate Mitchell, Mr. Otto Nielsen, Mrs.

S.	T. Poetlethwaite, Miss C. S. Postlethwaita, Mr. and Mrs. W. Pendle, Miss Pendle, Mrs. J. W. Paxton, Miss Gertrude Paxton, Marquis d’Audiffret Pasquier, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Plummer, Mrs. F. H. Rogers, Miss C. Rogers, Master F. H. Rogers, Mr. 0. Rosenkranz, Mr. Lensing Reed, Miss Julia Sulilvan, Hr. A. J, Samerville (Jn.), Mr. Harold Phelps Stokes, Mr. and Mrs. Morefield Storey. Mrs. Louise Sibeth, Miss Helene van Villeneuve, Mr. Arthur Whitaker, Miss Whitaker, Mr. and Mrs. Ingram Whitaker, Mrs. P. C. Woodruff.

The following passengers are leaving Assiout by the "Amasis" to-day : Mr. and Mme. Felipe A. de Llavallol, Miss Ines Llavallol, Miss M. Elena Llavallol, Mme. E I. de Elia, Mme. A. E de Ortis Basualdo, Mr. S. Ortis Basualdo, Miss F. Ortis Basualdo, Miss Anna T. Ortis Basualdo, Miss M. Kin, Mrs. David Anderson, Misses Anderson, Mme. de Weertt, Master de Weertt, Mrs. T. H. Smallman, Miss E C. R. Smallman, Miss Hammer, Mr. Bannister Fletcher, Miss Nora Walls, Miss Rath Buchanan, Mrs. P. A. Hearst, Miss Louise de Cistne, Miss Antonia de Cistne, Miss J. C. Egan, Mr. A. and Mrs. Callame, Mr. Fernand Mosselman, Miss Alice Noerbel, Miss Marta Cicognara, Mr. Louis Voyeler, Mr. L La Ferme, Mr. and Mrs. G. U. Clausen.

PASSENGER LISTS.

Per S.S. "Schleswig," arrived yesterday from Marseilles and Naples :—

Mr. and Mrs. von Alten, Mr. Abellini, Baron Z. van Brakell, Mrs. F. Bennett, Mr. and Mrs. H. Biagosch, Miss H. Biagosch, Mr. Victor Bigler, Mr. A. and Mr. E Bonigal, Mr. and Mrs. Louis Bendid, Mr. and Mrs. J. Munroe Coats, Mr. and Mrs. Coats, Miss Creswell, Mr. and Mrs. Hermann Cohn, Mr. and Mrs. Gustavo Cohn, Mrs. and Miss Crowley, Miss Dunn, Mr. and Mrs. F. Dinger, Mr. and Mrs. Emerey. Baroness Frauk, Mr. Ew. Fischer, Mr. Félix Fuld, Dr. Johann Guthmann, Mr. Robert Guthmann. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Goldschmidt, Mrs. Gobbart, Mrs. Goebel, Hon. Lady Harvey, Mr. F. Hardee, Mr. and Mrs. Paul Haffter, Mr. W. Hùttner, Mrs. Alfred Harrison, Miss Harrison, Mr. Horsham, Miss Marie von Kramsta, Dr. and Mrs. Ludwig Korn, Mr. and Mrs. Carl Kropp, Miss Clara Kropp, Miss Johanna Kaltenbacb, Mr. and Mrs. I. H. Krahforst, Mr. Rudoll Koritzky, Mr. W. T. Koch, Mr. and Mrs. Maurioe de La Bouglise, Mr. Auguste Le Brun, Miss M. A. Lamy, Mr. Hermann E. Lawford, Miss Johanne von Len-gurke, Mr. and Mrs. J. Livingston, Mr. L. de M. Macmillan, Mrs. Carl Müller,Mr. and Mrs.J. D. Miller, Mr. and Mrs. Meller, Mrs. H. F. Mao-uulay, Mr. Thomas O’Hagan, Mr. and Mrs. Meyer, Miss H. Porter, Mr. G. A. Pfizer, ;Miss Emma Potthoff, Miss Phipps, Mr. and Mrs. Carl Poensgen, Miss Poensgen, Mr. and Mrs. Petera, Mr. R. Pilling, Mr. H. H. Peace, Miss Reeves, Miss Eleanor R. Ralph, Miss M. E Richardson, Mr. W. H. Rider, Director and Mrs. Hava, Miss Lucie Sulzer, Mr. Scoles, Mrs. da Silva, Mr. and Mrs. S. H. Valentine, Baron E de Wecker, M. and Mme. Wirth, Mr. Wirth, Mr. and Mrs. Paul Wiesenthal, Mrs. Wetzler, Dr. Wm. Hunter Workman, Mrs. J. Bullock Workman, Mr. Edmond Walmisley, Mr. Georg Zeidler.
CHRONIQUE FINANCIERE

La semaine avait bien débuté, avec tendance marquée à la hausse, lorsque toutrà-ooup l'apris#-midi du 19, une réaction s'est produite, causée par les réalisations et les nouvelles politiquw inquiétantes. Les dépéchas d'hier ont fait dégénérer le recul en vraie débandade.

Trop vite oublieux, en effet, de la débâcle récente, certains spéculateurs, entraînés par la hausse, avaient pris dee positions intenables pour leurs faibles moyens. Aussi, quand la réaction est arrivée, ont-ils dû se retirer. Un petit parti baissier fort bruyant s’est organisé et, profitant d'un oôté de l'extrême resserve des acheteurs et de l’autre des réalisation» et de l'incertitude du marché, il a réussi, an partie au moins, à casser Isa prix. La valeur la plus éprouvée sous oa rapport a été la National Bank ; elle avait aussi été la plus favorisée ; elle avait haussé de prés de 2 £ 1/2 en deux jours.

On avait voulu marcher trop vite. Au fond, pourtant, la situation n'est pas mauvaise, si l'on considere qu'il n’existe presque pas da position de fin du mois, le petit publio ayant de ou réaliser ou se défaire avec perte. L'avenii est donc asses not. Les détenteurs qui restée sont pour la plupart dee capitalistes an état d< soutenir le choc d’une forte baisse, sans trop m laisser impressionner. 11 va sans dire que si les bourses de Paris et de Londres sont fortement affectées, on en ressentira ici le oontre-ooup, au moins dans une certaine mesure. En tout cas, on espère, aussitôt le calme rétabli, qu'une bonne reprise aura heu, ru l'abondanoe manifeste do capitaux sur cotre place. Un fait symptomatique de oette richesse est l'expédition faite en Europe samedi dernier par une banque locale de un million de livres sterling ; il wt très rare, en effet, qu’en pareille saison on expédie du numéraire à l'étranger ; c'est presque toujours le contraire qui a lieu.	^

La National Bank a eu, on peut le dire, les honneurs de la semaine. Elle a passé de 24 1/f i 26 1/2 pour retomber hier soir en cloture f 24 1346 La Nouvelle Emission a suivi h même mouvement et clôturé ferme à 23 7/8, Le chiffre des transactions a atteint plusieurs milliers de titras par jour.

L'Agricole, qui était aussi ferme au début a 10 1/16, a atteint 10 13/16 pour finir à 1( acheteurs, en assez bonne tendance.

De 14 1/2 la Delta Light tombe en clôtun à 14 3/16. La Deferred est à 16 SL sans aflai-res.

Les Privilégiées Tramways d’Alexandrie onf fluctué entre 143 1/2 et 146. Elles clôturent acheteurs à 144. Les Dividendes sont au prix

de 360 — 365 nominal.

La Ramleh Railway débutai 8 7/16, fléchit i 8 1/8 et reprend a 8 1/4.

D’importantes affaires ont eu lieu en Sait & Soda, mais le mouvement ne se dessinera sur cette valeur qu'après l’assemblée du 27 courant En attendant le cours suit les fluo--tuations générales ; il tombe (le 43 i 89/9, pour reprendre légèrement vers la fin à 40/3 ferme.

En Nungovich nous fléchissons do 10 1/8 i 9 9/16, pour remonter en clôture i 9 3/4. La rumeur d'une fusion a été officiellement démentie.

L'Anglo-American Nile recule de 5 5/16 à 5 acheteurs.

La Crown Brewery u’a pas présenté une grande animation durant cette semaine Le cours a fluctué de 216 i 220 pour clôturer

i 215.

De son côté, la Brassorie des Pyramides débuta i 126, monta i 130 et réactionne i 128.

La Banque d'Athènes suit la baisse générale. Après avoir touché un moment 125 1/2, elle fléchit i 118 1/2 pour finir hier soir i 119 1/2.

Contrairement aux autres valeurs, les Baux du Caire gagnent du terrain : après avoir fléchi un instant de 1,105 à 1,070, elles reprennent bientôt à 1,120 en clôture.

Les Eaux d'Alexandrie restant délaissées à 15 7/8.

Commo les Eaux du Caire, la‘Khédivial Mail donne lieu à une bonne demande et remonta de ce fait de 3 13/16 à 4 1/8 acheteurs. L'Ordinary hausse également da 11 à 13 shelling.’.

Les Obligations Crédit Foncier réactionnent de 300 à 296 en clôture.

Los Markets fléchissent aussi de 23/9 à 23 vendeurs.

Une grande activité a régné sur Is Corpora tion of Wostern Egypt (Oasis). Le prix a subi do violentas fluctuations ; de 1 3/4 il a haussé jusqu’à 2 7/16, pour retomber aussitôt à 1 9/16 acheteurs.

(Aujourd'hui, midi et demie).

Ce matin, sur d’importants rachats, les cours de certaines valeurs regagnent en partie le ter rain perdu.

Ainsi la Banque Nationalo remonta de 24 3/4 à 25 1/2, l’Agricole de 10 à 10 1/2, laDaira de 21 3/4 à 22 1/16, la Nungovich die 9 3/4 à 9 13/16, la Delta Light de 14 3/16 à 14 5/16, et les Privilégiées Tramways de 144 à 145 1/2.

La hausse de la Khédivial Mail atteint 4 1/4.

Le marché en général est plus ferme et la tendance meilleure.

SAVOY HOTEL, LUXOR

Best and most comfortable, unique for its position on Nile bank. Under German Manage ment. Moderate charges. Patronised by officer of Army of Occupation. Concerts twice daily.
